The suburban professionals riding the Bellevue to Seattle public transit are a very particular group of people. They are refined, have a high net worth and have access to disposable income. They crowd the bus everyday with standing room only, and are either on their laptop or phone and have absolutely no interaction with each other. A new online Store-Internet business in Downtown Bellevue believes that the best way to attract their interest is to offer free Wi-Fi on the 550 and eventually on all bus routs to and from Seattle with the heaviest traffic. The acceptance of terms will auto load the home page for this new online website. The goal is to make the page interesting at first glance , so they don't move somewhere else. While the customer is in the site, they also want to know what they might respond to, considering there is a high percentage who have adult children who still reside in their homes.

There is cross section of the population who could be shopping for themselves, their children, or even their grandchildren. To better isolate the demographics they offer a wide array of options, hoping to gather more information about the user to only target the things they might me interested in. They will customized the and named it after the bus rout so the user will have a unique experience.

After a series of tests, they will better provide a dynamic front facing selection to customize their website and gear it to working people who commute. Once the information is gathered, they will offer options and features geared to the busy professionals who will be the anchor for the future industry of Bus Mall.  
